LEGAL NOTES (english)
---------------------

This project has a name: "flatnuke" and various popular uppercase/lowercase
combination (such as "FlatNuke", "Flatnuke", "FLATNUKE", etc.) and some little
one-character modification (such as "Flat-Nuke", "Flat Nuke", etc.) that refer
to the same program: "flatnuke".

flatnuke have a copyright and a copyright note. If you want to use it you must
leave intact the footer note. This is in according with its distribution
license: GNU/GPL. If you remove this copyright note you are violating the
copyright/copyleft license. (http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-violation.html)

flatnuke is a "free software" you can modify it according with its license
(GNU/GPL). If you want to modify flatnuke or if you want to use a modified
version of flatnuke, you must leave intact the footer note and a clear
reference to the original author, otherwise you are violating the
copyright/copyleft license. (http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-violation.html) 

If you are a strong programmer and you want to "fork" flatnuke, please choice a
consistent name. Choosing names such as "flatnuke+", "flatnuke++",
"flatnuke-abc", "flatnukeX", etc...confuses the final user. This is a
suggestion not an imposition.

For more information about distribution license read COPYING file.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE LEGALI (italiano)
----------------------

Questo progetto ha un nome: "flatnuke" e varie popolari combinazioni di lettere
maiuscole e minuscole (ad esempio "FlatNuke", "Flatnuke", "FLATNUKE", ecc.) ed
alcune piccole modifiche di un carattere (ad esempio "Flat-Nuke", "Flat Nuke",
ecc.) che si riferiscono allo stesso programma: "flatnuke".

flatnuke ha un copyright e una nota di copyright. Se vuoi utilizzarlo devi
lasciare intatta la nota di fondo. Questa procedura è in accordo con i termini
della licenza con cui è rilasciato: GNU/GPL. Se rimuovi questa nota di
copyright stai violando la licenza copyright/copyleft.
(http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-violation.it.html)

flatnuke è "software libero" puoi modificarlo in accordo con i termini della
sua licenza di distribuzione (GNU/GPL). Se vuoi modificare flatnuke o se vuoi
utilizzare una versione modificata di flatnuke, devi lasciare intatta la nota
di fondo e un chiaro riferimento all'autore originale, altrimenti stai violando
la licenza copyright/copyleft.
(http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-violation.it.html)

Se sei un bravo programmatore e vuoi iniziare un "fork" di flatnuke, per favore
scegli un nome coerente. Scegliendo nomi come "flatnuke+", "flatnuke++",
"flatnuke-abc", "flatnukeX", ecc...confondi gli utenti finali. Questo è un
suggerimento, non un'imposizione.

Per maggiori informazioni sulla licenza di distribuzione leggi il file COPYING.


